After talking to the management, the
results of general insurance company ICICI Lombard were
not good in the third quarter i.e. Quarter 3.  The company's profit has
decreased by 9%.  However, if you look at the net premium, there has been a
slight increase.  But
how do we interpret these results further and
what are the future growth plans?
We have with us Gopal Balachandran, CFO, ICICI LBA to discuss this.
Hello Gopal ji.  Good
morning and welcome.  First of all, best
wishes to you on Makar Sankranti.  Sir.
My question to you is that
how do you think the quarter three numbers were and the
way we have seen momentum in auto sales, will we
see growth in this regard?
So first of all, season greetings to all your
CNBC staff and to all your
viewers, from our side and on
behalf of Asheet, heart season greetings. Now
coming back to your question on growth and
how was our performance in quarter three,
I would like to tell you about it in context.  The
philosophy of IC Labard has always been
to kind of
drive profitable growth and that has been our
philosophy and this is what has got
exhibited in the quarter three numbers.
As I said last time also, the
growth momentum that is on the ground has been seeing is kind
of looking very, very
positive.  If you remember last
quarter, around the end of the quarter, there have been
various reforms that were kind of put
into existence.
Morantly the GST which was a landmark
reform that was done because of that the
sentiments on the ground has been very
very positive across the key lines of
businesses that we right as an organization
and I want to talk about each segment.
For example, if we talk about motors,
ICICI LBA has always maintained market leadership in motors.
And if you see, the
growth of ICICI in this first half was
much less than the growth of the industry.  There was
a gap of almost about 500 basis
points.  But in quarter three we have narrowed that gap
down considerably.  And
monetarily in the month of December, the growth of IC Lamb's
motor has been better than the
industry growth by all
Mr. Gopal, but my question to you is
because you were referring to motor only.
You have seen a slight increase in underwriting losses in motor insurance.
Why is that and do you
see it decreasing?
So as I said,
when we look at the outcome of the absolute amount, it has to be always viewed in
line with the
accounting prescription.
Whenever there is growth in any quarter, if you
see better growth, the current
existing accounting prescription
says that the earnings on the premium that you
will underwrite in quarter three will happen
over a period of the
next 12 months.  But whatever cost you
incur for cost of sourcing, the entire
cost has to be taken apart.  So, in
whichever quarter you
see better growth, on an
absolute basis, your underwriting
number in that quarter will be an adverse number.   Is.
That's why we always say that the
numbers you need to look at have to be either
the combined ratio of the segment and
moreover the return on equity which
I talked about earlier is something that we will be kind
of monitoring it very very closely.
So absolute handwriting is
purely a function of growth and as
I said, IC Labrador's growth in this quarter three has been
quite good.  And
in the month of December, as I said, we have had an improvement in
performance in motor by more than
400 basis points and since you
talked about underwriting, let me tell you
that the combined ratio of the industry,
we have the numbers of the first half, based on
public disclosure, the
combined ratio of the industry, motor has actually become much more adverse, there has been a
movement of combined ratio from 124% to 128%, motor combined
ratios for the industry,
if you look at the combined ratio of ICICI in this half year, there has actually been an
improvement.
Our combined ratio in the last half year was
around 108%.  And in the current half year
our combined ratio is about 117%.
So Hans, we've seen improvements
in our motor combined ratio.  But the industry
combined ratio is actually higher than this.  So once again we have
continued to stay with
our philosophy of driving profitable
growth.
Ok.  So Gopal ji, are you looking at the motor insurance rate
revision?
We have 100% expectation because you are
talking in the context of motor third party reference.  So since this has been
an area which is not easy to implement
in general, the overall industry has been kind
of
working with the government and the insurance
regulator because for almost the last
three to four years, if you would have noticed, there has
not been a
meaningful change in so far as third party rates
are concerned.  But in the third party claim
awards which come through the courts,
we have seen that there is
definitely an increase in claim compensation.
So since there is every reason for a third
party price increase to happen, we will wait
until we get notified, if it does, then
accordingly we will be able to kind of talk more
specific about it.
Ok.  All right.  Thank you very much Gopal ji for
joining us today and answering all our questions so
well and all the very
best for the upcoming quarters.